thanks for tuning in and welcome to
another episode of the SRS weekly
podcast I'm Michael ferrino and I'm
Michael Bingham well this week got a few
interesting things to talk about with uh
first and foremost basically nuts
Netflix is making a bold prediction
about the uh I guess the amount of
people that will be renting DVDs in the
future yeah if you look at the graph
here it's showing you know even as now
here's 2010 they're predicting that
there's going to be growth but are
making a bold statement saying that
after 2014 DVD rentals being you know
mailed to and from are going to
drastically drop to the point about
20-30 work they'll be about the same
volume they were in two thousand it's
it's very very interesting topic we've
been taught we've been discussing this
for a while you know the future of
downloads or just blu-ray and DVDs all
mixed in there and I think this this
kind of fits into what we're talking
about so take a few more years yeah for
people to really grasp the idea of
downloads more and more people are doing
it now watching other computers but yeah
I think that I agree with this
completely other than the fact that it
might be stretched out a little far into
20 30 so mark so mark your calendars the
end of DVD rentals as we know it is is
quickly coming but on the same note you
know DVD rentals are right now they're
still hot you know people are using
netflix like like never before you know
i'm using netflix i know a lot of people
that are using it it's a great service
it'll be interesting to see if this
model holds true with netflix it kind of
goes like what Michael said and handful
we've been talking about yeah let's see
moving forward for all you techie geeks
out there like myself who's been
watching The Jetsons growing up this
walmart went hard it's an electric plane
so it's not quite like the Jetsons like
we have any hovercraft ability built in
but a company called yanko design design
this right here you're seeing it's kind
of like a personal two-seater aircraft
completely electric it's called the eqp
2x
it's like a Miata with wings except for
a heck of a lot faster yeah and has more
range so what they are what they're
saying is that once they've actually
build this to this plane it will have
speeds up to 250 miles an hour in a
range over a thousand miles like it's
like twelve hundred and sixty miles is
what they're claiming the the range on
this thing would be and that's like per
charge yeah you know considering
electronic technology or electric
technology where it is today for like
hybrid vehicles new electric cars to do
that with a plane be pretty interesting
yeah i mean i i'm really excited if this
actually came to be because then i could
fly to whoever I wanted to park my plane
at the local airstrip and do my thing
yeah don't think it needs to have some
wings tuck away I can just drive off the
that would be would be ideal but he
could drive it on the highway after how
cool would that be anyway we thought
this was cool we wanted to share it with
you because we like cool stuff and this
is a ATT has announced its modified as
data plans across the for the all
subscribers I believe it is so what's
going to happen is they're no longer
offering unlimited data yeah and it
unlimited data for anyone that works
really in the know it's five gigs if you
have ever exceeded five gigs on your
phone I mean it's quite a feat to do
it's very difficult to do that but there
is now a more it's going to be a more
strict data plan in place and there's
three different tiers I believe yes so
favorites here yeah first here is you
get 200 megabytes for fourteen dollars
or 49 50 40 90 9 15 box you get 200
megabytes bin which pretty paltry you
know this it's small yeah small amount
and then if you jump up to $25 for two
gigs two gigs which I mean the current
the current beta plan is thirty dollars
for unlimited that no longer exists so
they're dumbing it down there emanating
you for five dollars last 22 gigs that's
as most the most you can go now if you
wanted to tether your phone and we've
been talking about tethering for a long
time I would love to have the feature on
my
I phone I be able to connect it to my pc
mac book whatever and have internet
anywhere ever i have 3g coverage that
would be ideal unfortunately or
fortunately however you want to look at
this if you want to do that now atts
giving you the privilege to do so but at
a cost of twenty dollars yeah come on
what's interesting about that which is
where you're saying I think really
unfortunately comes in for twenty bucks
on the top tier plan you're getting the
option to tether but you're getting zero
no extra data to do it exactly but I
mean for some a lot of people will be
able to justify that I know X 2 $20 just
because it gives them the freedom to use
their pc anywhere yeah because you know
surfing on your on your mobile device is
not as great as doing a larger keyboard
larger screen so basic work you know if
you're sending emails and you're not
going on very you know high having
intensive websites that have a lot of
flash just those big mega memory
intensive ones you should be fine yeah
two gigs should last you a month easily
mm-hmm so you know that's the news from
AT&T and but of course we wanted to move
on to some news that we find very
exciting here I addressed this is good
stuff right here guys here it is this
right here as you've probably seen if
you're if you're on a Facebook page this
right here is a screenshot of srs HD
audio lab this is our brand new audio
post processing software for the pc and
let me tell you it is amazing it's
killer blows you a blow your way you
could you could have a killer set up on
your pc and I mean you could have the
best speakers hooked up to the best
sound cards I mean just have everything
dialed in turning this on will make you
wonder how you ever listen to it the way
you had before having a software yeah so
the reason we're bringing this up is
basically for the last couple weeks
we've been asking if people would be
interested in doing beta test we have a
huge list of people and we're just
keeping you in the loop last week we
were doing a little bit of debugging
getting the software ready for a beta
launch you know we found a couple things
that kind of held us
and releasing it last week so with that
said i don't know if i'll have the time
you know this week or today to send out
a mass email but early next week you'll
be getting an email from me and
basically giving you instructions on
where to download the beta what to look
for with the beta and you'll get a one
week span to test it and report back to
us any bugs that you have found so I
believe that concludes this week's
podcast thank you for tuning in and
we'll see you next week what